How are you guys since it's Monday again
and we came back with our program about
applications and games for iphone and ipad
As you know, we search through the appstore
the most interesting applications the
we test and show them to you so
let's see today's content
many times when we take a picture we
expose to certain objects or
people appear in it preventing
that our take is totally
Professional can be garbage cans
papers on the floor a poster in the nose
of the car to eliminate these objects from
dinner through software are usually
use cloning techniques with
programs like photoshop or similar
that leave the solution to this problem
out of reach of the rest nonetheless
there are some applications how are you
hd challenges that allow us without having
my retouching knowledge
clean of unwanted elements a photo
in a matter of seconds touch of touch
hd is one of them and it's so simple that
you will use it more than right now
think
this application for ipad uses the
same techniques that we have mentioned to you
but automatically in our hand
is the pointing out that we want elements
make disappear from the photo point them
with your finger and let the dash challenge the
eliminate leaving in its place the fund of
the best image of the application is
that when you delete an element instead
it does not leave a vacuum but what is supposed
that should be and this gets it
taking samples of the pixels of the
environment of the element and reproducing the
the result as you see a wonder
there is a game model that is living
its best moment and it is precisely the
started by titles like temple run or
break after it has been modified a bit
the essence and we have seen improvements
substantial as sap ways alfred and
now we get another version of the genre
call pocket click
as the name indicates in pocket clean
the challenge is to scale the maximum height that
we can and recreate all the money that
find trying not to fall into the void
dodging objects and jumping on the
precise moment to save a section without
grip
what
the money that we receive will be useful for us
buy improvements and skills later
what will make our pathways
climbing are somewhat simpler like
rest of titles of this genre in
pocket clint there are no levels as such
the goal is to surpass yourself
climbing higher and higher
here there are no controls as such the only thing
that we have is the finger to perform the
timely gestures on screen that we
let jump to one side to another
or upwards depending on the obstacle
that we are presented at every moment to
despite being a style of game already seen
in the appstore we have to say that
pocket clean
it's as addictive as the rest so
we encourage you to try it
ay ay ay
you are a romantic and you love the
classics because you're in luck because you
has released a remake of his popular
credit axis
on iphone and ipad the classic and crazy
racing game in which we put ourselves
in the skin of a taxi driver and is
pressing it in the appstore and we'll
we will talk about him
and taxi is a game in which the objective
is to collect passers-by with our
taxi and take us to your destination in the
As little time as possible for this we will have
than to resort to driving techniques a
both wild and rough to jump the
traffic signs do not respect crossings neither
semaphores we go what we like of a
good game
completing the races we will receive
points to buy improvements but eye
because if we collide with people or others
vehicles we will lose said money by
so much in spite of the fact that I grew up a taxi
title in which the careers are
crazy we will have to maintain a
some degree of sanity to drive the
Cris and taxi controls system is
It has adapted well to the iphone and the ipad
We can use the accelerometer to
rotate or also use some controls
classics where to press to perform
a turn and the graphic section is great
no doubt if you want to take off for a while
Download crazy taxi in your rival
and we ended up in the section with avengers'
initiate the adaptation to the world of
videogame that marvel and the web studio
of the games have taken place after the
the film shoot
avengers
to highlight in this title two things its
spectacular graphic section and the
combat system that as we will see it
based on the one used by the saga
infinity play but eye not only there
great similarities with the title
mentioned but as we go
advancing we see as almost the whole game
it's a mere copy but in this end
first episode the avengers iniciativ
we will take control of hulk later
in other deliveries will come iron man
thor or the captain and america the case is
that nick fry will send us to fight with
several evil ones who have managed to escape
of an ultra secret complex called the
vault will then be when our
endearing green man will have to
confront each of them with the
already mentioned combat system by
shifts used in infinite and play to
fight we will use gestures on screen will be
important to block attacks
opposites and wait for the right moment
to activate the sequence of blows that
will get life away from our
opponents
and guys even if it seems boring we should
say in favor of avengers iniciativ that
the animations included make the
title take a substantial interest
try it because we will also receive
video sequences of the story between
combat and combat what improves the
experience before the game good guys
well up to here the program of this
week we come back next Monday with
more applications and more games for them
a greeting
i
That 's right